what is aa beautiful man yes my name is
the are mango and sides a I'm bringing
you guys a very very important video on
the channel because essentially guys
there are actually real live
animatronics roaming around the
neighborhood I'm not sure guys it's very
very scary guys but somebody has
actually recreated actual animatronics
I'm gonna play this video for you guys
it's not really a trailer reaction video
anything like that but there are real
live animatronics oh my god guys this is
so freakin scary if you guys want to
check out the original but another link
down below in the description as well
but if you guys are excited a brand new
fun it's a friend's gonna to be sure to
slip down like your life but as per
usual guys shameless plug what's turning
up four hundred eyes on today's video
that make mark go pitter-patter dudes
let's play the video though guys the
five nights at Freddy's band first look
it's freaking scary guys I gotta say
this there's real live animatronics that
are they're legit real live animatronics
in the world so this is kind of like a
scary spooky little bit of entrance I
guess you could say this music club um
cause ringing not good at all then we go
into the door
to the door breathing there's there's
Freddy fazbear body chica foxy oh my god
this is freaking scary this picture of
Scott I think it's so fricking scary
guys oh my god or spring-trap welcome to
fazbear's fright the horror dr. Drossos
here to see you guys this is freaking
scary guys I am NOT gonna lie dr.
creepypasta I'm not sure this is him who
actually recruited us but somebody has
actually recreated these animatronics in
real life they do exist they do talk we
saw the spring-trap at the end I just
talked to you Freddy fazbear's fight
fright I guess you could say maybe it is
maybe recreated the entire like haunted
house attraction I guess you could say
from five nights at Freddy's 3 I am not
sure guys but I am terrified I am
actually terrified there are actually
real live animatronics just roaming
around in a house summer I'm not sure if
this is in the US new somewhere else I'm
not sure exactly guys but what do you
guys think you guys think this is
actually terrifying you guys think this
is horrifying let me know down below in
the comments section em by slapping down
there you know that better strangle
parents up today's video as I was saying
earlier guys this is so scary though I'm
not even gonna lie guys I am actually
terrified right now
that there are actually real live
animatronics that may actually be they
might didn't believe my house they might
kill me about must sleep I'm actually
gonna have nightmares guys I am at I am
with Jake and have some nightmares and
why would somebody actually go and
create these these killing machines why
would somebody create these animatronics
I know they're probably not gonna be
able to kill me but still just the
thought of them like after playing the
games and stuff just the thought of
these animatronics actually being out
there somewhere in the world that's just
terrifying guys that is what
it just just absolutely horrifying it's
a rific I don't get I don't get why
somebody would do that guys I really
don't understand why somebody would do
that but if we should check out the
original video as well on Doctor
creepypastas channel if you guys haven't
already did just come out very very
recently there are actually real live
animatronics in the world this is so
freakin scary guys so freakin scary but
slap that leaking live button then hit
that little red button that says
subscribe you guys haven't already as
you all have you guys want to watch any
other brand new fighters of furnace
content or other Ike videos like that as
I do plus 36 new videos on my channel
every single day I don't mind you setup
as well going right now I get the three
monitors I got the the new microphone I
got the Windows 10 other cool stuff like
that so the guys are excited for some
epic Opie videos coming to you guys very
very soon in the future but none of you
guys did enjoy today's video and have a
nice safe wonderful day